Update create-automation-tasks-azure-resources.md (#107780)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/create-automation-tasks-azure-resources.md

> This capability is in preview and is subject to the 
> [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/).

> To help you manage [Azure resources](../azure-resource-manager/management/overview.md#terminology) more easily, you can create automated management tasks for a specific resource or resource group. These tasks vary in number and availability, based on the resource type, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you manage [Azure resources](../azure-resource-manager/management/overview.md#terminology) more easily, you can create automated management tasks for a specific resource or resource group. These tasks vary in number and availability, based on the resource type. For example:
```
Minor edit for sentence structure.

- For an [Azure storage account](../storage/common/storage-account-overview.md), you can set up an automation task that sends the monthly cost for that storage account.

> - For an [Azure virtual machine](../virtual-machines/overview.md), you can create an automation task that turns on or turns off that virtual machine on a predefined schedule. Specifically, you can create a task that automatically starts or stops the virtual machine a specific number of times every day, week, or month, on the task's **Configure** tab, set the **Interval** value to the number of times and the **Frequency** value to **Day**, **Week**, or **Month**. The automation task continues to work until you delete or disable the task.

Reviewer 2: Punctuation fix
Sorry, just one more fix:

```suggestion
- For an [Azure virtual machine](../virtual-machines/overview.md), you can create an automation task that turns on or turns off that virtual machine on a predefined schedule. Specifically, you can create a task that automatically starts or stops the virtual machine a specific number of times every day, week, or month. On the task's **Configure** tab, set the **Interval** value to the number of times and the **Frequency** value to **Day**, **Week**, or **Month**. The automation task continues to work until you delete or disable the task.
```

> This capability is in preview and is subject to the 
> [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/).

> To help you manage [Azure resources](../azure-resource-manager/management/overview.md#terminology) more easily, you can create automated management tasks for a specific resource or resource group. These tasks vary in number and availability, based on the resource type. For example, for an [Azure storage account](../storage/common/storage-account-overview.md), you can set up an automation task that sends the monthly cost for that storage account. For an [Azure virtual machine](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/virtual-machines/), you can create an automation task that turns on or turns off that virtual machine on a predefined schedule. You can schedule a task to auto start/stop a virtual machine n number of times every Day/Week/Month by mentioning the values of **Interval** as "n" and **Frequency** as “Day”,"Week"or "Month" in the Task configuration.The automation task continues to work until you delete or disbale it.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help you manage [Azure resources](../azure-resource-manager/management/overview.md#terminology) more easily, you can create automated management tasks for a specific resource or resource group. These tasks vary in number and availability, based on the resource type, for example:

- For an [Azure storage account](../storage/common/storage-account-overview.md), you can set up an automation task that sends the monthly cost for that storage account.

- For an [Azure virtual machine](../virtual-machines/overview.md), you can create an automation task that turns on or turns off that virtual machine on a predefined schedule. Specifically, you can create a task that automatically starts or stops the virtual machine a specific number of times every day, week, or month, on the task's **Configure** tab, set the **Interval** value to the number of times and the **Frequency** value to **Day**, **Week**, or **Month**. The automation task continues to work until you delete or disable the task.
 
```

> For example, you can schedule a task to auto start a VM **once every day** by mentioning the values of Interval as “1” and Frequency as “Day” in the Task **configure** tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For example, you can create a task that automatically starts a virtual machine once every day. On the task's **Configure** tab, set **Interval** to **1** and **Frequency** to **Day**. 
```
